Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to be able to navigate to the seller on screen.
Okay.
Now, hopefully these views are actually we are going to create a new screen and we're going to call
this seller on the score home on the score screen and the darts.
Okay.
And now the seller's home screen is going to be similar to that of the customer home screen.
So what we can do is we can copy most of the codes.
In this customer homescreen.
We can highlight and use controller and see to copy and the cell on screen.
We can then place this array and we have to rename this and to easily do that we have to align it and
use control.
And the controller.
And controller and controller and and seller.
On screen.
Okay.
You can see we have this route name called Silver Screen and we have to define that in the and the main,
the DOT five is contained B and this is going to be silver.
Silver screen Dot Root's name.
And we have to pass in the context and this and it's going to sell our.
Homescreen.
Okay.
What?
We start this.
Or we start.
Okay.
So we have to continue.
And back to the seller login screen.
We have that in the directory and over the seller login screen.
If the account has been successfully logged in.
Right.
Instead of Prince and Sela, we can use the navigator.
Navigates her.
But.
That's push replacement.
Sorry.
Push.
Name replacement.
Right.
I think we have that.
Push name.
Okay.
So I push replacement name what this wager is.
It will take us to the home screen and we want to be able to go back because definitely we don't want
to be able to go back from the home screen and back to the log in screen.
I think that is a bad design.
So over here we have to say the home screen.
Dot's routes name OC.
Great.
And this is basically it.
And the only differences we need in the phone screen is this.
Okay, back to the cell screen.
Down screen.
And.
We do not need this cut and profi.
So this is going to be maybe upload.
Upload.
All this could just be dashboard.
Dashboard can come first.
Dashboard.
And this is going to be icons.
Icons DOT Dashboard.
Dashboard.
And for this this is going to be icons that upload.
And of course, on the third and this is going to say upload.
Case trying to save.
Okay.
And let's go try this out.
Back to the look.
And this.
And for the email address is going to be.
Test.
To store.
And the g-a-y and.
And click on log in.
Okay.
Sounds good.
We still do have that higher, right?
So what we can do.
I think we did that in the.
And customer.
Okay.
The seller.
That should be in the customer.
Customer.
Log in.
And this.
So we're going to replace it with that.
Return and back to the seller.
Log in.
And we can't get rid of this and use this OC Dot's push name and remove units.
So this is going to be what seller.
Seller.
On screen.
Okay.
Is contract necessary?
Remember, the reason for this error is because we have an Indian ROV.
Click on this.
You can see we are able to go back, which I think it is a bad design.
What we start again and this is definitely going to work.
Okay.
And this.
My test.
Use this test or to OC and DJI may see and click on login.
Okay.
We just have to wait for this.
You can see we are not able to log in back.
We still do have this seller on the screen.
I thought we changed the menu.
Already.
Okay.
I'm going to say it.
Back to the seller.
We changed the menu.
Okay.
Wait for this and see.
I think we logged into a wrong account.
I'm going to restart this.
We logged into the seller.
We logged into the customer account and not the seller.
That is why he's saying does not exist.
Right.
So we have to log into using the seller as a sales form field.
Okay.
Wait for this.
And.
Twitter allows accounts.
And Logan.
And.
Test two saw.
And the password is NBC.
Okay.
Wait for this.
Seems good.
You can see now we have this dashboard and upload.
And we have to also change this.
Okay.
Back to where we have that over there.
For now, we can just have a center to center the child.
Which is going to be a test and.
We can then say dashboard.
Dashboard.
And.
Center.
Child.
Test.
This is going to be what upload.
Okay.
This is contrary and excessive.
Look, we just have to start this.
We have to start this and try again.
But make sure you log in through the test field for the seller.
Or maybe you can use other way to make it more easier for users to understand between sellers and customer.